um hello I am Christian I'm gonna teach
you how to download and convert a
YouTube video for a Macintosh I like
that
oh it's X recording right now first need
to download tube TV just do a google
search first one you have to have tiger
or higher can't have Panther or classic
operating system you have to have tiger
or leopard that all right have all this
stuff right here but drive this to
applications are here
all right once you have that you're
gonna need a plugin for quicktime called
Parian 1.1 once can't do Google search
maybe the first one this risk for me
knife of QuickTime components weird
and they look like this right here
and just install it and once you're done
that you you got once again you have to
have Prairie into a use to TV but once
you have all those just kind of your
Applications folder tube TV
okay welcome to tube TV it only works
for YouTube so let's go to youtube.com
it looks very real yeah
and once you get your video up um you
know little thing right here you
download it and you wait love in then
I'll convert it to it and for the video
type and I'll be in your downloads
folder like it would be for safari just
go there so that's how the download a
YouTube video